.TH BITCOIN-CLI "1" "February 2015" "drivercoin-cli 0.10" 
.SH NAME
drivercoin-cli \- a remote procedure call client for Drivercoin Core. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
drivercoin-cli [options] <command> [params] \- Send command to Drivercoin Core. 
.TP
drivercoin-cli [options] help \- Asks Drivercoin Core for a list of supported commands.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the drivercoin-cli program. drivercoin-cli is an RPC client used to send commands to Drivercoin Core.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-?\fR
Show the help message.
.TP
\fB\-conf=\fR<file>
Specify configuration file (default: drivercoin.conf).
.TP
\fB\-datadir=\fR<dir>
Specify data directory.
.TP
\fB\-testnet\fR
Connect to a Drivercoin Core instance running in testnet mode.
.TP
\fB\-regtest\fR
Connect to a Drivercoin Core instance running in regtest mode (see documentation for -regtest on drivercoind).
.TP
\fB\-rpcuser=\fR<user>
Username for JSON\-RPC connections.
.TP
\fB\-rpcpassword=\fR<pw>
Password for JSON\-RPC connections.
.TP
\fB\-rpcport=\fR<port>
Listen for JSON\-RPC connections on <port> (default: 56789 or testnet: 56787).
.TP
\fB\-rpcconnect=\fR<ip>
Send commands to node running on <ip> (default: 127.0.0.1).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBdrivercoind\fP, \fBdrivercoin.conf\fP
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Ciemon Dunville <ciemon@gmail.com>. Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the MIT License.

The complete text of the MIT License can be found on the web at \fIhttp://opensource.org/licenses/MIT\fP.
